morning race fans this is greg a cozy
here bringing you coverage from the
second day of the ana maría world final
we got two rounds of qualifying
scheduled for today we're going to send
Jason to the pitch to see the lowdown on
what's really going on and this
weekend's coverage is brought to you by
SCT
strong TV event coverage presented by
SCT performance
we're in the middle of the second round
of qualifying Tim like corn is getting
ready to take his hot streak car out
there yesterday you went 857 at 160 this
is your third race of the year where
you've been all year well just the shops
been pretty busy and you know what the
economy the way it is just harder to
find the money to get the travel expense
to get out here but we love coming to
Bowling Green last race of the year we
hope to be come out here and you know a
lot of championship hopes are on the
line here we hope to cross a little bit
of them I guess
what's the deal every time we see you
it's a new personal best hard work
that's it that's all you got is hard
work hard work how many Pistons have you
been through this year one only hurt one
all year that was in the finals at
Columbus so three weeks later you're
here you've got another race next
weekend in st. Louis with nmca what are
you planning to do for the rest of this
weekend will see with the track ahold
we're not going to change the tune up
too much till tomorrow you bring the
whole family it's you you've got who
else with it I've got my son Jacob
daughter Brianna and my daughter Brooke
you've also got your wife and I see a
few puppy sitting around here too yeah
we've got the whole crew this weekend
even though it wasn't at an MRI event a
few weeks ago you went a 781 at 184 to
be the quickest procharger f1 are
powered car in the world what are you
going to do here this weekend well it
would be nice to duplicate it but I
don't think I can tires are different
and at that race that was 250 pounds
lighter so I think that's where the mile
an hour and some of the ETS came from
we've gone a couple of 799 that's
working trying to get front half of my
quarter mile a little faster try to get
Jason he's always fast as the eighth and
everybody else and that's what I'm going
to work on hopefully we can get there so
far we've got yourself we've got Sean
and Jason all in the seventh what's that
going to be on elimination day what's
the deal I don't know it's going to be
close i think Shanna Sean and Jason are
probably going to be a little faster
than I am so hopefully you know the tree
sometimes a big equalizer and you never
know it's drag radial things going to
happen so I guess we just got to get
close if i can stay within a half a tent
well have a good shot
edelbrock hot screen is known as the
nmra s pro stock class basically and you
are one of the only racers Mike Garcia
that runs a 360 cubic inch engine with
an Trick Flow head and a stick shift
what's it like going down the track it's
unusual like you know in previous combos
I had it was those a lot heavier car it
just seems to react a lot quicker every
way a reaction time shock tuning all it
just seems to really be more critical in
it be in this light just altogether
unusual different never never did it
before so it's all new down now this car
is not an overnight bill this is a
three-year project with your partner
Josh over what kind of challenges did
you face putting it together trying to
get a light enough thing I'm not the
latest driver so it's a lot of work on
the car and it's just they're expensive
it's very expensive plaster runs I had a
lot of help but just still a lot of work
a lot of money a lot of time
what are your plans for tomorrow charlie
just get business taken care of and see
you guys in them after the file 2010
ring he'll have my name on it in the
last round you want in a 44 but you seem
to be struggling a little bit on the top
end what's the deal well I mean the car
is working really well I mean we are
chilling at the front half seems like we
get past the grandstands and both lanes
the cars just like fighting it won't end
of that round two air changed and the
clouds came in and really got tight to
track temperature dropped 20 degrees and
we made the right call and then we
killed it with a 117 with a one wasn't
like we just got into the 117 but we
went it with a 1 and I was stoked about
that that's like 2,000 slower than the
best 60 but the cars ever been so we're
confident we're looking really good i'm
looking over the car right now
everything's coming up green and we'll
be ready for tomorrow it should be a
good show
there really isn't much that i can say
showing what was the deal with that last
qualifying room the weather is perfect
the car is just working really good
Duffy Mike nothing with the suspension
been helping us out my buddy mark Vettel
he's the man with engines i tribute it
all to them I just kissed a guy let's go
to the button piercing straight what
kind of ride is it going down the track
those rides
I can tell it's moving out I think it
did a 50 88 mile to be a fit wrench
which is unheard of
you